Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for loving me,
as me, as Lisa of BLACKPINK.
When I was a kid I never imagined
I could be loved
by people all over the world.
Honestly, thank you
for always supporting me.
Yeah, that’s all.
I don't know how to describe my feelings
other than saying thank you.
Thank you BLACKPINK
for showing us that
we can do everything, what we love,
when we really believe in it.
We love you.
Keep going hard ladies.
We got you. We ride or die. We love you.
I will forever support BLACKPINK,
and thank you for everything.
Me too.
-You're a queen.
-We love you.
I love you guys,
and you guys are doing so well.
And I hope to get to see you again.
As we go up on the stage like this,
we can see our light sticks shaking
and hear the cheering.
It’s so pretty.
Some people set it so that it beeps.
You can set it like that.
Every time I hear it, I get so excited.
It's so encouraging.
-BLACKPINK!
We’ll cherish this truly precious memory.
Thanks to all of you supporting
and loving us wholeheartedly.
We’ll keep this memory
and strive to grow further as BLACKPINK.
Thank you.
Stay with us, BLINKs.
WE'LL STAY FOREVER
Just once more,
we’ll see you once more closely
before we go.
So pretty, our BLINKs.
Please support us
and stay excited till the end.
-We love you.
BLACKPINK FOREVER
JISOO, JENNIE, ROSÉ, LISA
YOU GUYS ARE TOTALLY AWESOME
THANK YOU FOR BEING THE LIGHT OF MY YOUTH